[Do not merge] Add log-forwarding documentation (#58)
canonical/spark-k8s-bundle: releases/3.4/yaml/docs/how-to/h-spark-monitoring.md

please refer to [here](https://discourse.charmhub.io/t/prometheus-scrape-config-k8s-docs-index/6856).

> ### Enable Log Forwarding from Spark executors and drivers to Loki

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Enable Log Forwarding to Loki
```

> Logs from each driver or executor can be enabled using two Spark configuration option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logs from each driver or executor can be enabled using two Spark configuration options:
```

> The `spark.executorEnv.LOKI_URL` and `spark.kubernetes.driverEnv.LOKI_URL` are used to

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* `spark.executorEnv.LOKI_URL` 
* `spark.kubernetes.driverEnv.LOKI_URL`
```

Question: We are listing them both later when we describe it as a manual way of changing Spark configuration. Do we need it both here and there?

Author: Yes, both are important. If you running pyspark, you will have only executors, so only the first one is needed. But I think it's better to always have both configured.

> The `spark.executorEnv.LOKI_URL` and `spark.kubernetes.driverEnv.LOKI_URL` options use the same

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `spark.executorEnv.LOKI_URL` and `spark.kubernetes.driverEnv.LOKI_URL` are used to configure executor and driver, respectively, to forward their logs to a Loki server.
```

> value to represent Loki's logging URL.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

> configure executor and driver, respectively, to forward their logs to a Loki server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are used to forward executor and driver logs respectively to a Loki server.
```

> There are two ways to provide a LOKI_URL:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ways to provide the `LOKI_URL` variable:
```

> 1. Manually provided variable via [Spark configuration](https://canonical.com/data/docs/spark/k8s/e-configuration)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Manually, via [Spark configuration](https://canonical.com/data/docs/spark/k8s/e-configuration)
```

  - `spark.executorEnv.LOKI_URL` - for executors
  - `spark.kubernetes.driverEnv.LOKI_URL` - for drivers

> 2. Using logging relation in [spark-integration-hub-k8s](https://charmhub.io/spark-integration-hub-k8s)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Using the [`logging` relation](https://charmhub.io/spark-integration-hub-k8s/integrations#logging) in a Spark integration hub
```

>    charm either directly with the [Loki charm](https://charmhub.io/loki-k8s) or (recommended)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   charm either with the [Grafana-agent charm](https://charmhub.io/grafana-agent-k8s) (recommended)
```

>    with the [Grafana-agent charm](https://charmhub.io/grafana-agent-k8s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   directly with the [Loki charm](https://charmhub.io/loki-k8s).
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For example:

```

```shell
juju integrate spark-integration-hub-k8s:logging grafana-agent-k8s:logging-provider
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
